Engineers use LiDAR really how we mentioned it before
by just recording the LiDAR signal driving around.
We record all the data that comes back into the LiDAR.
We create objects out of it or not,
depending on the particular use case where
we could do stuff directly with the point cloud.
We can then use the objects to track those objects,
make predictions, what they do.
We can use it to classify objects.
We have certain classes that the LiDAR using Neural Network can detect and distinguish.
The segmentation is saying okay,
this particular thing belongs to one object.
This belongs to the ground plane,
this belongs to a tree or so.
So you associate certain points with objects and then say okay,
this is one object,
that set of points and this is another object,
a set of objects or another object.
This is how this basically works.